froxlor Extension Package Exception, version 1.0

As an additional permission under section 7 of the GNU General Public
License, version 3 (which is incorporated into the GNU Lesser General
Public License, version 3), the copyright holders of froxlor grant you
the following additional permission for froxlor:

1. Definitions
   "froxlor" means the froxlor software distributed under
   LGPL-3.0-or-later together with this exception.
   "Public Extension Package API" means the interfaces, contracts,
   abstract classes, events, hooks and extension points that are
   documented as public in the file docs/extension-package-api.md of the
   froxlor/core package for the respective version of froxlor.
   "Extension Package" means a separate work, such as a package installed
   through the package management of froxlor, that interacts with
   froxlor solely through the Public Extension Package API and that
   neither contains nor modifies any other part of froxlor.

2. Permission
   You may create, use, convey and distribute Extension Packages and
   license them under terms of your choice, including proprietary terms.
   In particular, the requirements of section 4 of the GNU LGPL version 3
   (and any corresponding requirements of other versions), including
   permission to modify the Extension Package for your own use and to
   reverse engineer it for debugging such modifications, do not apply to
   the Extension Package.

3. Conditions
   a) This permission applies only to the Extension Package itself.
      froxlor, and any modification of it, remain licensed under the GNU
      LGPL version 3 or later.
   b) If you convey the Extension Package together with froxlor, you must
      retain the copyright notices and license texts of froxlor and comply
      with the LGPL for froxlor.
   c) The license of your Extension Package must not restrict the rights
      granted to recipients for froxlor.

4. Removal
   If you modify froxlor, you may remove this exception from your version.
   You are not required to do so.
